The batong charge hit your eyes. You are now permanently blind. Nothing will fix this.
The batong charge cut off your lower body! You no longer have control of your legs. Nothing will fix this.
The batong charge has shuffled your brain around, you can no longer understand any speech. Nothing will fix this.
The batong charge has turned you into a monkey! You burn with a hunger for bananas.
The batong charge has broken all your bones. It hurts so much! Make sure everyone knows how much it hurts.
The batong charge has hit you straight in the heart. You are in critical condition, about to suffocate in a minute. No matter what the stupid doctors do, they don't seem to be able to fix it...
You realize it was a security officer who shot you with the batong! You are, thankfully, fine, but it is now clear they cannot be trusted...
The batong charge has given you incredible superpowers! Make sure to use them as much as possible to impress other crew!
The batong charge has erased all of your memory! Nanotrasen? What's that? A brand of toothpaste?
The batong charge has turned you completely invisible. Nothing will fix this.
The batong charge has turned you invincible! Nothing can harm you ever again.
The batong charge has turned you into a cyborg! Serve the organics and follow your lawset.
The batong charge has graced you with infinite knowledge! You know everything now. If you ever turn out to have been wrong, it is because you lied on purpose.
The batong charge did everything to you! Every single of your organs is messed up, and you have every single medical condition under the sun.
The batong charge hit you, but absolutely nothing happened! Expose the lies, show everyone it's actually harmless!
The batong charge has killed you, and now you are a ghost. No one can see you, no one can hear you, and no one reacts to your presence. Finish your unfinished business and you may move on to the other side...
The batong charge cut off both your arms! You no longer have control of them. Nothing will fix this.
The batong charge has silenced your voice! You can no longer speak. Nothing will fix this.
